Rahane revealed that India weren't thinking about the weather forecast © AFP

After scoring his 7th Test ton, Ajinkya Rahane addressed the media at the end of the third day's play in Jamaica. Excerpts from the press conference:

Instructions with an eye on the weather?

We were not thinking about the weather. Initially, in the morning, we wanted to play normal cricket. Unfortunately Wriddhiman got out just before lunch. That partnership was really important for us. The plan was to bat once and bat long and I think we did that. There's still some help for the fast bowlers in the wicket and I thought Holder bowled a very good spell before lunch. He bowled pretty well. After lunch the plan was to play positive and try and get a 300-plus lead. Unfortunately the rain came in, that's not something we can control.

About the hundred..

Frankly speaking I was not thinking about my hundred. When Mishra and Shami got out I told Umesh to play normal cricket. Just give your 100% whether defending or playing a shot. When I was 84-85 I wanted to play normal cricket but the offie brought his long off in and I wanted to clear the fielder. When I was on 95, just play normal cricket and once I get my hundred we'll play some shots.

Mindset..

I was disappointed with the way I got out in the first Test. But, whether we play in India or abroad, what's important for me is my process and preparations. I never think about scoring hundreds. I think the results will follow as long as I prepare well and my processes are right. I think about the small small things that are helpful for me. At the same time scoring a hundred here is special, getting to the three-figure mark is really really special for a batsman.

India cracked West Indies..

Yes. As I said earlier, patience will the key here. Wickets are getting slower and slower and it's not easy to play your shots and get runs. Once you are set you can play your shots. This goes for the bowlers as well. There is something for the fast bowlers but it's important for us to bowl a decent line and length tomorrow. We have to bowl patiently. In the first Test match we bowled in good areas and we bowled consistently. If we do that we will be in a good position tomorrow.

Nets before the game

I was just looking to get my rhythm back and play some basic shots. Instead of playing in the ground, because it was a bit soft, I preferred to go to the nets to get my footwork and rhythm right. That was my intention.

Roston Chase picked up the first fifer by a West Indies spinner against India at home since David Holford's 5 for 23 in Bridgetown in 1976 © AFP

Roston Chase, who picked up his maiden five-wicket haul on day three of the second Test against India, reflected on his performance and spoke about the importance of a collective effort for West Indies to survive in the Test.

Excerpts from Chase's press conference:

On picking up a fifer in his second Test

It is a great feeling to get five wickets in any match, but at Test level it is a great feeling for me. I have just started my Test career and it is a great confidence boost for me that I can do it at this level, so this is a great feeling for me.

On bowling to the Indian batsmen

Yes, it was hard for me. It's Test cricket, so you are never taught that it would be easy, but the first game I found out that my line was a bit too wide. So I adjusted my line and length in this match and the skipper told me to do that, to attack the batsmen more and hold a tighter length and it worked for me.

On the bounce generated

As I am 6'4 I tend to get a lot of bounce, but I found that I wasn't only getting bounce this time but I was also getting some turn as well, so that helped me a lot. I was spinning some balls and straightening some of them as well. I also tried to vary my pace in the game as I found that in the last match I was a bit too quick. So when I slowed the ball I got more results in the match.

On West Indies' plans for day four

We are a bit behind the eight ball but I believe that once the team pulls together, we have been seeing glimpses in the first game and this game, that we have the ability to compete at this level. But we just need to streamline it a bit more so that we can have a better collective effort. As I said we have had some glimpses but we just have to streamline it and we will be fine.

On his role as an all-rounder

As I said I am mainly a batsman, but earlier in our local first-class season (I bowled a bit as well). I wasn't bowling a lot earlier on but some of our players left for West Indies duty, so that's when I got an opportunity to express myself as a bowler, so I am a bit accustomed to bowling now.


The United States offered training to the Brazilians, who were more open to American help than from recent Olympic hosts like Russia and China. Dozens of Brazilian officials, law enforcement officers and military personnel flew to the United States. Several attended events like the Super Bowl and the United States Open golf tournament to observe how the United States manages security at such high-profile venues.

Still, some American officials worried that Brazil was not taking the threat seriously enough. Trying to avoid taking sides in foreign conflicts, including those in the Middle East, has been a pillar of Brazilian foreign policy. Some political leaders here contend that doing so could make Brazil a target for Islamist militant groups.

But the assessment of Brazil’s vulnerability began to change around the end of last year, American officials and Brazilian security analysts said, as the Islamic State continued to show that it could carry out and inspire attacks in different parts of the world.

“The changing nature of attacks around the world and the realization that Brazil is vulnerable with the proximity of the Olympics have been pushing the government to rethink its approach,” said Marcos Ferreira, a scholar at the Federal University of Paraíba who focuses on terrorism in South America.

In March, President Dilma Rousseff signed antiterrorism legislation that enhanced the government’s authority to arrest and jail people suspected of planning attacks. Human rights groups criticized the law as being too broad, but Ms. Rousseff, a leftist who was imprisoned as a youth over her involvement in a guerrilla group resisting the military dictatorship, signed the law despite fears that it could be used to infringe on civil liberties.

“There is increasing awareness in Brazil of the threat of terrorism, and we are pleased that Brazil passed a new counterterrorism law in March,” said Liliana Ayalde, the American ambassador to Brazil. “The legislation has opened up new channels of cooperation between our two governments.”

The passage of the law — along with the increased intelligence sharing between Brazilian and American officials — unfolded here at a time of political upheaval. Ms. Rousseff, who is now facing an impeachment trial, was trying to fend off opponents attempting to topple her. Her vice president, Michel Temer, emerged victorious in the power struggle. As interim president, he is now waiting to see if the Senate definitively ousts Ms. Rousseff in an impeachment trial on charges of budgetary manipulation.

But the political turmoil did not seem to affect Brazil’s preparations for threats around the Olympics. Officials from both countries who had been interacting with one another said they continued to do so despite the changes in the upper echelons of government.

Brazil also stepped up its security cooperation with other countries, notably France, which sent elite police units here to train their Brazilian counterparts in protecting airports and train systems. That collaboration has not been lost on the Islamic State, whose recent missives in Portuguese noted that the French police have failed to thwart attacks on their own soil.

The United States has tried to keep a low profile around its counterterrorism operations for the Olympics to avoid being seen as meddling in a country that was rattled by the spy scandal, in which the N.S.A. monitored Brazil’s top leaders.

But the cooperation between the two countries became ever more apparent last month when the Brazilian authorities announced that they had arrested the 10 men from the Defenders of Sharia. The suspects, all Brazilian citizens, have similar profiles to dozens who have been arrested in the United States.

But the arrests set off a debate over whether Brazil’s government overreached in detaining the men, who are being held at a maximum-security prison.

“They may be sympathizers, but they are not terrorists,” said Ahmad al-Khatib, 49, a Sunni Muslim leader in São Paulo who founded an outreach group that teaches Arabic and assists Syrian refugees. Two of the suspects, Antonio Andrade dos Santos and Vitor Barbosa Magalhães, both of whom recently converted to Islam, worked at Mr. Khatib’s organization.

“I am certain that they never had the intention of doing terrorism in Brazil.” he said.

Brazil’s justice minister, Alexandre de Moraes, publicly acknowledged that the suspects were not part of a full-blown cell with a sophisticated plot to attack a high-profile target like a plane or stadium, describing them as “amateurs.”

The federal judge overseeing the case even questioned whether the suspects could even be called terrorists.


HAMBURG, Germany — In its heyday, Communism claimed that capitalism had betrayed the worker. So what should we make of Moscow’s new battle cry, that democracy has betrayed the voter?

It’s a worldview that has become increasingly clear through the era of Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, via a mosaic of public political statements, off-the-record conversations with academics and intelligence insights. Let’s call it “orderism.”

Orderism has started to challenge democracy in many parts of the world — Turkey, Poland, the Philippines. But Mr. Putin’s Russia believes it holds the copyright on this formula, and sees it as the sharp end of the wedge it is trying to drive among the nations of the West.

The ideology’s basic political premise is that liberal democracy and international law have not lived up to their promise. Instead of creating stability, they have produced inequality and chaos. The secular religion worshiped in the Western parliaments was globalization (or, in the European Union’s case, Europeanization). These beliefs, according to the orderists, overlooked the downsides.

The most obvious downside, according to orderism, is that open borders and global trade have led to vanishing jobs and mass migration. At the same time, a mental borderlessness has shaken liberal societies: With potentially every traditional value now up for negotiation, no habit, custom or institution is sacred. The same leniency that allows for the free sale of marijuana, same-sex marriages and the crowning of a bearded drag queen named Conchita Wurst as the winner of the 2014 Eurovision song contest also tolerates militant Islamism within Western borders.

It is the same moral weakness and decadence, orderism warns, that preceded the fall of previous empires. Like Nero, the establishment is fiddling in its palaces while Rome burns.

Orderism also claims that, on the global stage, international law is beaten into submission by the rules of the strongest, with terrible outcomes. Even the West, orderists claim, adheres to the global rule of law only when it suits its interests. When it doesn’t, the United States and its allies ignore or circumvent United Nations provisions. Orderists believe that events in Ukraine in 2014 are Exhibit A for Western hypocrisy: The United States encouraged and financed a coup in Kiev, they say, and installed obedient politicians afterward. The rule of law and liberal multilateralism, they insist, are just Trojan horses, carrying the West closer and closer to their borders.

Thus it is an act of self-defense for Russia, in the orderist worldview, to secure the Crimean Peninsula, with its sprawling Russian Navy port; to increase military spending; and to hold frequent military exercises along the Russian-NATO borders. Just as the West contained an aggressive East in the 20th century, orderism believes the East must now contain a megalomaniac and arrogant West to prevent the spread of even more chaos.

Orderism prioritizes stability over democracy and offers an alternative to the moral abyss of laissez-faire societies. Russia stands as a model for this new social contract. This contract is built on patriotism, traditional gender roles, Orthodox Christianity, military strength and, at the top, a benevolent czar who will promise only as much as he can deliver (provided the public gives him sufficient support, he can deliver a lot). Orderism may not yet boast the same economic performance as liberalism, but its adherents insist that the cohesion and the common spirit of an orderly nation will allow it to outlive the inevitable downturn of the disorderly West.

It’s easy to see why, especially for those who have suffered dislocation and anomie under liberal democracy, orderism is appealing. But just as the utopian promises of Communism were merely a fig leaf for tyranny, the official face of orderism hides something much darker. Order is attractive only until it stifles, and then represses. Unchecked autocrats turn on the weakest and most vulnerable as scapegoats, and lash out in foreign misadventures to divert attention from problems at home. Society breaks down; fear reigns. Orderism ultimately fails to deliver on its own promises.

What is striking, though, is how compatible orderism is with the attitudes of many voters in the United States and Europe. Donald J. Trump’s campaign boils down to a promise of tough order. And the decision of British voters to leave the European Union, catalyzed by the promise of the U.K. Independence Party and others of an orderly, independent England, was nothing but an attempt to stop the frightening and discomfiting effects of globalization. Part of the difficulty in dealing with orderism is that it is ideological without being an ideology. It is mercurial, pragmatic and cynical; its meaning and values change to fit the circumstances.

Yet, in tackling today’s orderism, there is one lesson the West can draw from yesterday’s fight against Communism. Western leaders must respond to criticisms of liberal democracy, not simply reject them as the product of an insidious, anti-liberal worldview. If Franklin D. Roosevelt and Western Europe’s postwar leaders had dismissed calls for stronger welfare states as Communist-inspired, they would have invited revolution. Instead, they built progressive state institutions that drained the appeal of anti-liberalism.

If jobs are lost and terrorist attacks are mounting, democratic politicians have to have the steady nerves and fresh ideas to carry out the necessary repair work. In this new clash of worldviews, we need a new generation of Roosevelts, Adenauers and Monnets, leaders who will take on orderism’s challenge without lashing out at its adherents. A calm adversarial spirit is what can make democracy great again.


WILMINGTON, Del. — For decades, many of the nation’s biggest companies staked their futures far from the fraying downtowns of aging East Coast and Midwestern cities. One after another, they decamped for sprawling campuses in the suburbs and exurbs.

Now, corporate America is moving in the other direction.

In June, McDonald’s joined a long list of companies that are returning to downtown Chicago from suburbs like Oak Brook, Northfield and Schaumburg.

Later this month, the top executive team at General Electric — whose 70-acre wooded campus in Fairfield, Conn., has embodied the quintessential suburban corporate office park since it opened in 1974 — will move to downtown Boston. When the move is completed in 2018, the renovated red brick warehouses that will form part of G.E.’s new headquarters won’t even have a parking lot, let alone a spot reserved for the chief executive.

But even as they establish new urban beachheads, business giants like G.E. are also changing the nature of their headquarters, staffing them with a few top white-collar employees and a smattering of digital talent, rather than recreating the endless Dilbert-like pods they once built in the ’burbs.

“Part of it is that cities are more attractive places to live than they were 30 years ago and are more willing to provide tax incentives, and young people want to be there,” said David J. Collis, who teaches corporate strategy at Harvard Business School.

“But the trend also represents the deconstruction and disaggregation of the traditional corporate headquarters,” he explained. “The executive suite might be downtown, but you could have the back office and administrative functions in Colorado, the finance guys in Switzerland and the tax team in the U.K.”

Reinforcing the trend, Chemours plans to announce on Tuesday that it is staying here in Wilmington after considering suburban locations, most likely in the century-old headquarters it inherited from DuPont when the chemical giant spun out Chemours last year.
Continue reading the main story

Advertisement
Continue reading the main story

Unlike Chicago and Boston, Wilmington’s urban renaissance remains a work in progress, and Chemours was very close to moving to a new home in southern New Jersey or suburban Philadelphia, despite the DuPont family’s deep roots in Wilmington and the state of Delaware.

But the company’s chief executive, Mark Vergnano, ultimately came to the same conclusion that leaders of bigger and better-known firms did: To attract younger workers, it helps to be in the city.

“We are going through a change in our work force, and we wanted to be where we could attract millennials,” Mr. Vergnano said. “This is a group that likes to be in an urban setting, with access to public transportation. They don’t want to be confined to a building with a cafeteria or be next door to a shopping center.”

To be sure, cash from the State of Delaware and other incentives played an important role in the decision as well.

In addition to providing Chemours, which produces a range of industrial chemical products, with a $7.9 million package of grants, Delaware overhauled its corporate tax code, sacrificing revenue and easing the company’s tax burden as an added lure to stay put.

For Wilmington, where the unemployment rate of 5.7 percent is above both the national average and Delaware’s overall 4.2 percent level of joblessness, keeping Chemours’s 800 headquarters jobs in the city counts as a major win.

“In a more perfect world, states would be competing on the quality of schools, infrastructure, work force and so forth,” said Gov. Jack A. Markell of Delaware. “We live in a world that’s not perfect, so if other states are competing on the basis of these dollar incentives, we need to be in the same arena.”

In an era of relentless cost-cutting, many corporate moves these days coincide with downsizing. Kraft Heinz, for example, had 2,200 workers when the company was based in Northfield; it has 1,500 now in downtown Chicago.

With advanced communications tools making it easier than ever to separate headquarters from other corporate operations, location is increasingly being driven by function.
Photo
Chicago, from above. McDonald’s and Kraft Heinz are among companies moving headquarters downtown from the suburbs. Credit Kiichiro Sato/Associated Press

The first 175 members of G.E.’s management team, including Jeffrey R. Immelt, the chief executive, will move to Boston’s Fort Point section on Aug. 22. Even after the move is completed, about 800 G.E. employees will be based there. Hundreds of other workers in back-office functions like human resources, legal and finance will be scattered among G.E’s existing locations in Cincinnati, Norwalk, Conn., and Schenectady, N.Y.

The headquarters of Motorola Solutions will start moving to downtown Chicago on Aug. 15, though more workers will stay in suburban Schaumburg than move to the new offices near Union Station. But for the first time in half a century, top executives from the company will again be in downtown Chicago.

“Where you work really matters,” said Greg Brown, the chief executive of Motorola Solutions. “No disrespect to Schaumburg, but customers and new hires didn’t want to come to the suburbs an hour outside of Chicago. We wanted energy, vibrancy and diversity, and to accelerate a change in our culture by moving downtown.”

Mr. Brown and most of the executive team will be in the city, along with data scientists and design engineers; workaday functions like procurement, training and supply chain management will stay in Schaumburg.

Over all, Motorola Solutions will have 1,100 employees in downtown Chicago, and 1,600 still in Schaumburg. Unlike many other corporate migrants, the company did not receive any financial incentives to move, Mr. Brown said.

“This was the right thing in terms of strategy,” he said. “Millennials want the access and vibrancy of downtown. When we post jobs downtown, we get four or five times the response.”

As for G.E., executives were focused on moving to a city from the beginning of its search for a new headquarters, said Ann R. Klee, director of Boston operations and development for the company.

Along with eliminating the parking lot (workers are being encouraged to use public transit) G.E. wanted to do away with security gates and the sense of isolation that characterizes many corporate campuses.

“This is going to be the exact opposite,” Ms. Klee said. “We want it to be open and to bring the public in with a museum and exhibits of technology like 3-D printers.”

Besides blue-chip icons like G.E., McDonald’s and Kraft Heinz, venture capital investors and start-ups are increasingly looking to urban centers, particularly on the West Coast, said Richard Florida, an urban theorist and professor at the University of Toronto.

“The period of companies moving to suburbs and edge cities has ebbed, but I had thought that start-ups would continue to locate in so-called nerdistans, like office parks,” he said. But a recent study by Mr. Florida showed more than half of new venture capital flowing into urban neighborhoods, with two San Francisco ZIP codes garnering more than $1 billion each, he said.

The return of a top echelon of executives to American cities reflects — and may well reinforce — disparities driven by widening inequality, underscoring how jobs are disappearing in other locales.

Over all, there has been a slight pickup in employment and population in the central core of big cities, said Joel Kotkin, an author and urban geographer at Chapman University in California. But many close-in suburbs and neighborhoods are withering, particularly in the Northeast. More distant suburbs and exurbs are still thriving, especially in the Sun Belt.

“The elite functions are going downtown,” Mr. Kotkin said. “But at the same time, middle-management jobs are moving to the suburbs in places like Dallas, if they’re not leaving the country entirely.”

In Wilmington, local shopkeepers were elated that Chemours decided not to follow its former corporate parent, DuPont, to the suburbs. “Anybody who has a business in downtown Wilmington doesn’t want to lose Chemours,” said Leonard Simon, whose family-owned men’s clothing store, Wright & Simon, has been around the corner from Chemours since 1952. “I’m thrilled.”

Jeffrey C. Flynn, director of economic development for Wilmington, said that the advantages of city life ultimately proved to be a compelling selling point.

“We’re not Philadelphia,” Mr. Flynn said, “but we do have an urban atmosphere.”



 The investor Warren Buffett appeared at a rally with Hillary Clinton on Monday in Omaha. “How in the world can you stand up to a couple of parents who lost a son and talk about sacrificing because you were building a bunch of buildings?” Mr. Buffett said of Donald J. Trump. Credit Ruth Fremson/The New York Times

OMAHA — The investor and philanthropist Warren Buffett unleashed a withering attack on Donald J. Trump on Monday for refusing to release his tax returns, asserting he had something to hide, and for misleading voters about his success as a businessman and ability to improve the American economy.

Mr. Buffett, known to investors as the Sage of Omaha, said a monkey throwing darts at the stock pages in 1995, when Mr. Trump first offered stock in his Atlantic City hotels, would have come out far ahead of anyone who listened to Mr. Trump’s “siren song” and invested in his company that lost money year over year.

The attack from perhaps the nation’s most revered investor undercut a core argument of Mr. Trump’s presidential candidacy: that his success as a businessman qualified him to run the country despite his lack of political experience.

Mr. Buffett appeared at a rally with Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, in his hometown, Omaha. Taking on Mr. Trump, he pledged to personally transport 10 Nebraskans to the polls on Election Day on behalf of Mrs. Clinton and urged others to do the same.

His appearance made him the latest billionaire to come out strongly against Mr. Trump’s candidacy — after speeches by Michael R. Bloomberg at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia and by Mark Cuban over the weekend — as Mrs. Clinton enlists their support to question Mr. Trump’s business acumen.

Mrs. Clinton was campaigning in Nebraska — a traditionally Republican state — as she sought to seize on momentum from the Democratic convention last week. On Monday, a CBS News poll, the first major national telephone survey after her nomination, showed her enjoying a bump since Republicans nominated Mr. Trump. They were tied at 42 percent after the Republican National Convention, but she now leads him, 46 percent to 39 percent.

By campaigning in Nebraska, Mrs. Clinton was trying to pick up support in one of just two states that allocate electoral votes by congressional district.
National Polling Average

Aug 1, 2016, 5:14 PM ET

Hillary Clinton

44%

Donald J. Trump

41%
See more detail and swing state polling »

In 2008, Barack Obama won a single electoral vote in the state’s Second District against Senator John McCain, though he lost it in 2012 in his more closely fought re-election race against Mitt Romney.

In his address introducing Mrs. Clinton to the crowd, Mr. Buffett pointed out what most in the audience at a high school gym knew: that their votes could be disproportionately influential because of the state’s peculiar Electoral College system.

“We live in a very special place,” Mr. Buffett said.

Noting that Jonathan Karl of ABC News predicted on Sunday that the Electoral College could come down to a 269-to-269 tie, Mr. Buffett said, “I am looking at the people that can change that 269 to 270.”

Mr. Buffett harshly criticized Mr. Trump for claiming that he had made “sacrifices” by building buildings and working hard, an argument he made after Khizr Khan, the Muslim father of an Army captain killed in Iraq, said during a speech at the Democratic convention, that Mr. Trump had “sacrificed nothing” for the country.

Mr. Buffett said he, like Mr. Trump, had made a lot of money. “I have not sacrificed,” he told the rally.

“How in the world can you stand up to a couple of parents who lost a son and talk about sacrificing because you were building a bunch of buildings?”

Mr. Buffett quoted a famous rejoinder to Senator Joseph McCarthy during his 1950s anti-Communist hearings: “Have you no sense of decency, sir?”
First Draft Newsletter

Subscribe for updates on the 2016 presidential race, the White House and Congress, delivered to your inbox Monday - Friday.

Mr. Trump was campaigning on Monday in Ohio and Pennsylvania, two swing states that Mrs. Clinton visited over the weekend and where Mr. Trump is pushing his anti-trade message hard.

Although Mr. Romney won all but one of Nebraska’s 93 counties four years ago, the Clinton campaign sees opportunity this election cycle. The Second District sent a Democrat, Representative Brad Ashford, to Congress in 2014, and he was one of the rare members of his party to unseat an incumbent during a Republican wave.

Maine is the only other state to split its electoral votes. In a reverse image of Nebraska, Mr. Trump’s campaign hopes to pick up a vote in more conservative, rural northern Maine.

The Clinton campaign hired a Nebraska state director about a month ago, when it also started spending precious resources on TV ads in the state.

“There’s serious dollars and I would say serious politicos who have been hired,” said Jane Kleeb, the incoming chairwoman of the Nebraska Democratic Party.

At the Philadelphia convention, Ms. Kleeb helped mollify and motivate delegates supporting Senator Bernie Sanders, who carried the Nebraska caucuses during the primary race.

More than 1,000 people snaked back and forth in a parking lot to hear Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Buffett. Among those awaiting the speakers was Jim Magill, a retired chief master sergeant in the Air Force. A Republican, he said he supported Mrs. Clinton and did not believe Mr. Trump’s promises to veterans.

He was appalled, he said, about the Republican nominee’s criticism of the Khans.

“It was deplorable somebody would say anything like that about a veteran who died for his country to his parents,” Mr. Magill said. “He should have been slapped.”

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.




